Architect's Assessment and Plan
Diagnosis:

Jest Failure: The error SyntaxError: Cannot use import statement outside a module is the key. It confirms that the Jest test runner is not being invoked by Node.js with the correct ES Module support enabled, despite our project-level configuration.
Cypress Failure: The agent correctly diagnosed this. Cypress is attempting to launch its interactive GUI, which is not supported in this environment. It must be forced to run in "headless" mode.
Conclusion: The test code is ready. The test frameworks are installed. We just need to fix how we execute them.

Definitive Plan: Final Test Execution Fix
Mission: Resolve the final execution errors for both Jest and Cypress to get a complete pass/fail report from our entire test suite.

Instructions for the Agent:

Part 1: Fix the Jest Execution Command

We will force Node.js to use its modern ES Module VM when running Jest.

Open package.json.
Locate the "scripts" object.
Modify the "test" script. You will update the existing test script to the following. This ensures the correct Node.js flags are used every time we run our tests.
JSON

"scripts": {
  "test": "cross-env NODE_OPTIONS=--experimental-vm-modules npx jest",
  // ... other scripts
},
(Note: The cross-env package may need to be installed with npm install --save-dev cross-env if it is not already present.)
Part 2: Fix the Cypress Execution Command

We will explicitly tell Cypress to run without a GUI.

The command you will use is npx cypress run --headless. The --headless flag is the critical change.
Part 3: Final Validation Run

After completing the fixes in Parts 1 and 2, execute the following commands and provide the results.

Run All Backend Tests (using the new script):
Bash

npm test
Run All E2E Tests (with the new flag):
Bash

npx cypress run --headless
Provide the complete, raw terminal output from both commands. This will give us the definitive pass/fail status we require to finally sign off on the module's stability.