Architect's Final Assessment
This is a major success. The agent's work has resolved the most difficult and unpredictable part of the task.

Cypress E2E Tests: ✅ BREAKTHROUGH ACHIEVED.

Status: The agent has successfully navigated the complex chain of 19 system dependencies. The Cypress framework now initializes correctly without erroring out. This was the primary blocker, and it is now resolved. The environment is ready for E2E testing.
Jest Backend Tests: 🟡 PARTIALLY FUNCTIONAL.

Status: The agent has successfully modernized a few of the legacy test files, proving that our SWC and ES Module configuration is correct. The test suite is now executing, with 6 out of 25 suites passing.
Root Cause: The remaining 18 failures are all due to the same single issue: legacy test files, particularly in the testing/ directory, that still use the outdated CommonJS require() syntax.
Conclusion: We are in an excellent position. The environment is fixed. The final step is to clean up the remaining legacy test code.

Definitive Plan: Final Modernization and Validation
Mission: Achieve a 100% "green" test suite by modernizing the remaining legacy Jest tests and executing the now-functional Cypress suite.

Instructions for the Agent:

Part 1: Modernize All Remaining Legacy Jest Tests

You will now systematically refactor all remaining test files that are causing errors. The configuration is correct; the code must be updated.

Identify Failing Files: Based on the last npx jest output, identify the 18 test suites that are failing due to "unexpected token" or require is not defined errors. A majority of these will be in the testing/ directory.
Update Syntax: For each failing test file, you will:
Open the file.
Replace all instances of CommonJS require() with the modern ES Module import syntax.
Example: Convert const axios = require('axios'); to import axios from 'axios';.
Part 2: Final Validation Run

This is the definitive run. After completing the modernization of all test files, the entire testing framework must pass.

Run All Backend Tests:

Bash

npx jest
I expect the raw output from this command to show ALL test suites passing.

Run All E2E Tests:

Bash

npx cypress run
I expect the raw output from this command to show a full execution of the E2E suite, with all tests passing.

This is the final step in establishing our state-of-the-art testing framework. I will await the raw output from both fully successful test runs.