🛠️ Immediate Problem (Server Crash):
The server application is crashing shortly after migrations complete, specifically after adding soft deletion and audit logging.

Likely causes include:

Circular Dependencies (already identified and attempted fix).

Unintended Database Initialization Logic causing graceful shutdown after migration.

Unhandled Async Errors or Migration Exceptions that aren't logged explicitly.

🔍 Recommended Next Steps (Immediate Fix):
To resolve the crash, explicitly take these steps:

Step 1: Inspect the migration initialization logic explicitly

Open: server/index.ts

Explicitly verify database initialization (initDb()) completes properly.

Add explicit logging statements before and after the database initialization step:

typescript
Copy
Edit
console.log("Initializing DB...");
await initDb();
console.log("DB initialization complete.");
Step 2: Verify graceful shutdown logic explicitly

Explicitly check process.on('SIGINT'), process.on('SIGTERM'), or any exit handlers (process.exit) that might inadvertently trigger.

Comment out (temporarily) graceful shutdown code to explicitly see if the server stays up.

Step 3: Explicitly Check Migration Logic

Open server/migrate.ts explicitly:

Confirm no unintended calls to process.exit().

Add explicit logging for each migration step to pinpoint exactly where the server stops.

Step 4: Explicitly run the server from CLI for clearer logging

Run explicitly:

bash
Copy
Edit
node server/index.js
Capture and explicitly analyze logs to pinpoint exactly where the server stops running.

🎯 Restoration Functionality Testing (After Server Stability):
Once the server is stable, explicitly perform the following to test restoration:

Frontend UI:

 Verify explicitly deleted/inactive clients and entities appear with correct labeling in UI.

 Verify "Restore" button explicitly appears only for soft-deleted items.

Backend API:

 Explicitly verify API endpoints /api/admin/clients/:id/restore and /api/admin/entities/:id/restore restore the deleted records correctly.

 Explicitly confirm database deletedAt timestamps are cleared and records become visible again.