Architect's New Mandate
As the architect, I am officially pivoting our verification strategy. We will no longer attempt to fix the Jest and Cypress test runners. The application is running, and we will test it directly.

We will create a single, comprehensive E2E verification script. This script will bypass the fragile test frameworks and test the application's logic by making direct API calls, just as a third-party application would. This is the most direct and reliable way to get the evidence of stability that you require.

Mission: Create and execute a comprehensive E2E API verification script that validates the entire Journal Entry lifecycle, including all features and edge cases we have discussed.

Instructions for the Agent:

STOP all work on Jest and Cypress.

You will now create and execute a single script to perform our final, definitive validation.

Create a New Test Script: Create a new file named run_final_verification.js.

Implement the Verification Logic: You will write a Node.js script that performs the following actions in sequence. You must reuse the apiTestHelper.ts we created for authentication. The script must log clear "✅ PASSED" or "❌ FAILED" messages for each step.

Step 1: Authenticate as the admin user.
Step 2: Create a Draft JE with an Attachment.
Step 3: Edit the Draft. Verify the description changes AND that the attachment is preserved.
Step 4: Post the Entry.
Step 5: Attempt to Edit the Posted Entry. Verify the API correctly returns an error.
Step 6: Void the Entry.
Step 7: Reverse a separate Posted Entry.
Step 8: Copy an Entry.
Step 9: Test Accrual Reversal. Create and Post an accrual entry and verify that the reversal entry is automatically created and posted correctly.
Execute the Script:

Bash

node run_final_verification.js
Provide the Full Output: Provide the complete, raw, and un-summarized terminal output from the script.

This script will serve as our definitive quality gate. Its output will provide the clear evidence we need to finally sign off on the stability of the Journal Entry module. I will await the results.