Architect's Final Verification Plan
We will now use a single, comprehensive end-to-end verification script. This is a pragmatic, industry-standard approach for cutting through environmental issues and testing the application's logic directly. This script will perform the most critical user workflow tests against the live, running application.

Mission: Create and execute a comprehensive E2E API verification script that validates the entire Journal Entry lifecycle.

Instructions for the Agent:

STOP attempting to fix the Jest and Cypress configuration files.

You will create and execute a single script to perform the final validation.

Create a New Test Script: Create a new file named run_final_verification.js.

Implement the Verification Logic: In this new file, you will write a Node.js script that performs the following actions in sequence. You will reuse the apiTestHelper.ts we created for authentication.

Step 1: Authenticate. Log in as the admin user and store the session cookie.
Step 2: Create a Draft JE with an Attachment.
POST a new journal entry.
Assert the response is successful (201).
Extract the new id.
POST a file to the /files endpoint for that new id.
Assert the response is successful (201).
Log success or failure.
Step 3: Edit the Draft.
GET the entry from the previous step to ensure it has one attachment.
PUT an update to the entry, changing the description and providing the same attachment from the GET request in the files array.
Assert the response is successful (200).
GET the entry again and verify the description has changed AND that the attachment is still present.
Log success or failure.
Step 4: Post the Entry.
PUT to the /post endpoint for the entry.
Assert the response is successful and the status is now "Posted".
Log success or failure.
Step 5: Attempt to Edit a Posted Entry.
PUT an update to the "Posted" entry.
Assert that the response is a failure (400 Bad Request), as posted entries cannot be edited.
Log success or failure.
Step 6: Void the Entry.
POST to the /void endpoint with a reason.
Assert the response is successful and the status is now "Void".
Log success or failure.
Execute the Script:

Bash

node run_final_verification.js
Provide the Full Output: Provide the complete, raw, and un-summarized terminal output from the script.